person,chair,dining table
person,cup,dining table
person,car,truck
cup,chair,dining table
person,cup,chair
bottle,cup,dining table
bottle,chair,dining table
cup,fork,dining table
cup,bowl,dining table
person,sports ball,tennis racket
person,bottle,dining table
person,car,bus
person,baseball bat,baseball glove
cup,knife,dining table
fork,knife,dining table
person,bottle,cup
person,knife,dining table
person,bottle,chair
person,fork,dining table
person,car,traffic light
cup,spoon,dining table
person,bowl,dining table
bowl,chair,dining table
spoon,bowl,dining table
bottle,cup,chair
person,cup,bowl
person,car,handbag
bottle,cup,bowl
cup,fork,knife
cup,pizza,dining table
chair,couch,book
tv,mouse,keyboard
cup,spoon,bowl
bottle,bowl,dining table
person,pizza,dining table
person,wine glass,dining table
person,cup,fork
chair,couch,dining table
person,cup,knife
person,spoon,bowl
person,spoon,dining table
bottle,knife,dining table
bottle,fork,dining table
fork,bowl,dining table
bottle,cup,knife
chair,dining table,book
knife,chair,dining table
person,bottle,bowl
chair,couch,tv
cup,bowl,chair
person,couch,remote
wine glass,chair,dining table
person,boat,spoon
boat,knife,bowl
cat,chair,bed
boat,spoon,bowl
person,boat,bowl
person,truck,surfboard
person,boat,knife
boat,knife,spoon
knife,cake,dining table
person,car,bench
person,backpack,suitcase
umbrella,chair,dining table
person,wine glass,cake
cake,chair,book
person,banana,microwave
person,cat,potted plant
person,cake,book
boat,fork,dining table
boat,fork,knife
car,umbrella,teddy bear
elephant,bear,zebra
boat,cup,fork
boat,bowl,sandwich
