person,fork,knife,pizza
person,knife,pizza,dining table
person,handbag,sports ball,clock
fork,knife,pizza,dining table
cup,fork,pizza,dining table
cup,tv,remote,sink
frisbee,bottle,potted plant,dining table
chair,dining table,oven,refrigerator
person,tie,laptop,cell phone
person,baseball bat,baseball glove,chair
person,cup,fork,pizza
person,car,truck,elephant
bottle,cup,knife,dining table
bottle,fork,knife,dining table
bottle,bowl,chair,dining table
bottle,cup,fork,knife
bottle,knife,chair,dining table
bottle,cup,knife,bowl
bottle,cup,spoon,bowl
chair,couch,dining table,book
bottle,cup,spoon,dining table
bottle,spoon,bowl,dining table
bottle,knife,bowl,dining table
person,fork,pizza,dining table
bottle,cup,knife,chair
person,car,bus,truck
person,bottle,knife,chair
knife,bowl,chair,dining table
bottle,fork,spoon,dining table
bottle,fork,knife,chair
laptop,mouse,keyboard,book
person,cup,pizza,dining table
bottle,cup,knife,spoon
chair,couch,dining table,tv
fork,spoon,chair,dining table
wine glass,cup,fork,knife
person,bottle,bowl,chair
person,spoon,bowl,chair
spoon,bowl,chair,dining table
cup,fork,bowl,dining table
chair,couch,tv,book
bottle,bowl,oven,sink
cup,spoon,bowl,chair
cup,spoon,bowl,dining table
bottle,oven,sink,refrigerator
cup,pizza,chair,dining table
person,cup,spoon,bowl
chair,couch,book,vase
chair,couch,potted plant,book
fork,knife,bowl,dining table
person,cup,fork,spoon
cup,fork,spoon,bowl
cup,fork,knife,bowl
cup,fork,sandwich,dining table
cup,knife,bowl,dining table
couch,tv,remote,book
fork,spoon,bowl,dining table
person,pizza,chair,dining table
person,tie,cup,cake
cup,chair,potted plant,mouse
person,dining table,book,clock
person,car,bench,umbrella
person,car,skateboard,potted plant
person,boat,fork,sandwich
boat,fork,knife,bowl
boat,cup,fork,bowl
boat,cup,spoon,bowl
boat,cup,fork,sandwich
bottle,microwave,sink,toothbrush
person,spoon,bowl,toothbrush
person,bottle,spoon,toothbrush
spoon,microwave,sink,toothbrush
person,car,sheep,tie
person,backpack,handbag,book
person,car,umbrella,teddy bear
